test

So what we want is a service where a process can register with for monitoring 

Inputs
- pid
- processName

On request the service should start monitoring the pid and record stats
e.g.
pidstat -rud -h -p 22985 -p 27119 -p 32671 5
r - is for mem stats
-r     Report page faults and memory utilization.
When reporting statistics for individual tasks, the following values are displayed:

              PID
                     The identification number of the task being monitored.

              minflt/s
                     Total number of minor faults the task has made per second, those which have not required loading a memory page from disk.

              majflt/s
                     Total number of major faults the task has made per second, those which have required loading a memory page from disk.

              VSZ
                     Virtual Size: The virtual memory usage of entire task in kilobytes.

              RSS
                     Resident Set Size: The non-swapped physical memory used by the task in kilobytes.


              When reporting global statistics for tasks and all their children, the following values are displayed:

              PID
                     The identification number of the task which is being monitored together with its children.

              minflt-nr
                     Total number of minor faults made by the task and all its children, and collected during the interval of time.

              majflt-nr
                     Total number of major faults made by the task and all its children, and collected during the interval of time.

u - is for cpu stats
       -u     Report CPU utilization.

              When reporting statistics for individual tasks, the following values are displayed:

              PID
                     The identification number of the task being monitored.

              %usr
                     Percentage of CPU used by the task while executing at the user level (application), with or without nice priority. Note that this field does NOT include time spent running a virtual processor.

              %system
                     Percentage of CPU used by the task while executing at the system level (kernel).

              %guest
                     Percentage of CPU spent by the task in virtual machine (running a virtual processor).

              %CPU
                     Total percentage of CPU time used by the task. In an SMP environment, the taskâs CPU usage will be divided by the total number of CPUâs if option -I has been entered on the command line.

              CPU
                     Processor number to which the task is attached.


d - is for disk i/o stats
-d     Report I/O statistics (kernels 2.6.20 and later only).  The following values are displayed:
              kB_rd/s
                     Number of kilobytes the task has caused to be read from disk per second.

              kB_wr/s
                     Number of kilobytes the task has caused, or shall cause to be written to disk per second.

              kB_ccwr/s
                     Number  of  kilobytes  whose  writing  to  disk  has  been cancelled by the task.
                     This may occur when the task truncates some dirty pagecache.
                     In this case, some IO which another task has been accounted for will not be happening.


-h     Display all activities horizontally on a single line. This is intended to make it easier to be parsed by other programs.

